Modify Design Cards (#5512)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/scams.md

for hackers and malicious actors. Check out the wiki doc on
[how to recognize scams](../general/scams.md).

<div className="row">
  <div className="col text--center">
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARsdXZycJAg">
      <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/ARsdXZycJAg/0.jpg" width="350" style={{ borderRadius: 10, border: '1px solid slategrey' }} />
    </a>
    <p>
      Stay Safe in Polkadot
      <br />

>       <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARsdXZycJAg">» view video</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARsdXZycJAg"> Stay Safe in Polkadot</a>
```
